the line stretches back kilometers back
as far as the eye can see a wave of
humanity leaving behind what they knew
walking towards uncertainty some too
young to know why this is happening but
they'll never be allowed to
forget it is a difficult situation this
is my son he's 50 days old my wife and
children are with me the situation is
hard God is the only one who can help us
we're exhausted we've walked a long
distance and we still do not know how
much further we have to walk
they moved together their's safety and
numbers for now told by the Israelis to
leave Northern Gaza they grabbed what
they could the gathered remnants of
lives abandoned walking past the shells
of homes of communities of places they
know but no longer
recognize ghosts of the past echo in
their footsteps memories of
1948 the time Palestinians call the NABA
the catastrophe forced from their homes
at the beginning of the state of
Israel where can we go this is a new
wave of displacement it's a new NBA for
the Palestinian people it's like 1948
where can we go there are thousands of
homeless people including children and
women and people of all ages some have
perished on the streets While others lie
on the ground helpless where can we
go one expert sees frightening parallels
the one kind of glimmer of hope here is
that there seems to be
a resounding refusal to
repossess the people of Gaza and to
insist that they be displaced again
there's a kind of a a regional local
maybe even International sentiment that
this shouldn't happen again and the UN
wants no part of such a mass movement of
people under threat the United Nations
cannot be part of a unilateral proposal
to push hundreds of thousands of
desperate civilians in Gaza
into so-called safe zones we cannot be
part of
this they will find somewhere to stop
somewhere to rest but that won't be home
that they don't know when or if they
will see again Alan Fischer
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler